yo what's up YouTube finally haven't
made a video probably um about baseball
probably in like two months or so um
I've been really busy with school bosco
education um you know just getting ready
and stuff haven't been working out or
anything lately because I couldn't um I
don't know if you guys heard but my got
surgery on my ankle what happened was I
broke it in August the minute I got
healed broke it again ligaments were
torn glad to get surgery so as you see
here this is basically um stuff that i
ordered on Christmas or Christmas Eve
but think it here till now which is
thank january six so yeah you see if one
of them the book mizuno one is a pretty
sure g 6 is classic pro g6 just a normal
mizuno a really good Clete it's metal
spikes this one's just surf so it's just
normal to it was like 60 bucks not bad
and as you see the main attraction the
CF 5 i'm comparing it to the CF for
right now I'm gonna it's gonna be a
definitely a series of videos so they
can't fit all into one I'll have one
like intro video which I'll do right now
and then I'll have a series of reviews
of each one arm unboxing each one and
you know all that good stuff so they see
right here we've got the dom bosco
Ironmen a colored demarini bag it's
pretty nice I mean there's a picture of
it right there not bad this was the
vendetta bag on wheels I don't even know
how much that cost thing was like 60
also um so yeah especially the first
video on I'll have all the links in the
description of this video this will be a
new playlist on my channel and yeah so
um one other thing I've got a few
requests on this grip the one with this
want the squares on it definitely make a
video of that
uh um probably maybe not sure one but as
I'm not going to do them to see a 5 i'll
definitely do it on something else
because the cf5 grip is nice I'm nothing
to see but it has like little diamond
parts on it and it's actually shiny the
grip it feels pretty nice i already took
it out of the sleeve but i just put it
back in for the unboxing video but you
know so definitely gonna leave this on
until gets torn um sis go to the cs5
it's got really nice graphics the end
cap is one of my favorite parts it's
like a crystal kind of black shiny part
um this is a 33-30 uh I know if you guys
can tell by my voice but I've gotten way
bigger I was using a 33 last year but it
was a bit big but I managed to hit with
it um so and now I'm like 5 10 but
freshman so not much to go over but so
it's like you guys a view of this um
there's just that so especially it for
the first video I just tuned in I'll
have more videos up probably tonight
this will all be uploaded probably by
January 10th is probably over the
weekend I'll get these done um because
don't have much to do so yeah especially
you guys and I turn into the other
videos look in the description please
comment rate and subscribe and yeah
thanks